Eh.. It seems that you have met a-a horrible demise, my friend. But.. uh..
you know, these.. These things happen in - in life. Life goes on. Not for you,
obviously, uh, you're dead, but uh.. It reminds me of a time. I was - I was
having a conversation with my friend Orville. We were, uh.. we were.. - the
river. We were sitting by the river watching the fish leap over the falls, and I
said to Orville:

"Sometimes I feel like a fish leaping over and over again, always trying to
get somewhere. No, I don't know where...or only to find to find myself in the
jaws of a beast."

He, of course, looked at me.. eh.. surprised, you know?

"Have you been in the jaws of a beast, friend?"

To which I said "No, of course not, Orville."

I said "No, no, no, no, no. I simply meant that life can seem like a relentless
endeavor... Overcome meaningless obstacles, only to meet an equally
meaningless fate, regardless of your efforts. Regardless of the obstacles
you've passed."

And.. uh.. Orville, he stood and proceeded to drape me with a picnic cloth,
to which I asked him, I said "Friend, what - what are you doing?"

He looked at me... very concerned, really. "I feel like you've gotten too
much sun." Indeed, heh. Indeed I had.

He proceeded to pour me a glass of... just... ice-cold lemonade... Ooh. Ever
mix it with iced tea? I do like... little half-lemonade half-...oh, it's so - you
should try it someti- oh, wait. You can't because you're dead. But,
anyways...

So you may be asking yourself, "How did I go from sitting by the falls to
drinking lemonade, to being wedged in the air duct? Not only with Orville,
but with an entire assortment of fruity colored friends."
Well, there's.. uh.. There's really no good answer to that, but perhaps I've
met a demise of my own at some point, and this is my afterlife or my dream
- whatever it might be. I honestly don't know... Or... Maybe it doesn't mean
anything at all.

Maybe it doesn't mean anything at all.

Monologue 2: Frozen Pigeons
Ah... It seems that your journey has ended. Very sorry about that - It was
always going to end this way, of course. If it weren't by me, it would've just
been by some other.. y'know, terrible thing just... You could not imagine
how terrible it would be. Just... I get scared thinking about it! Glad it's not
me.

Reminds me of a.. of a time I was speaking to my good friend Orville. We
were... we were sitting on a park bench watching the pigeons. I was on the
left, he was on the... oh wait. Was I on the right?.. or left? Anyways, it
doesn't matter. We were sitting on there, watching the pigeons, and I.. uh.. I
said to Orville:

"Friend, those birds are frozen!"

He... kinda looked at me like I'd lost my mind. But I reminded him that it
was winter, y'know? And often birds will sit in a tree until they'd freeze...
Then they'd, they'd, you know, sort of fall to the ground until the sun warms
up, an- and they can, y'know, move around again.

So I said to Orville "You'd might as well save those breadcrumbs until the
birds thaw, because they can't very well enjoy them in the condition they're
in."

To which he asked what I meant, and asking what condition the crumbs
should be in before he threw them to the birds, assuming that I had meant
the birds couldn't enjoy the breadcrumbs in the condition that the crumbs
were in, when in fact I had meant the birds couldn't enjoy them in the
condition that the birds were in, considering the birds were frozen, y'know?
So he took a moment and then threw his last handful onto the ground. I
said to him "Orville, why did you throw the breadcrumbs to the birds when I
just told you they're frozen?"

To which he responded "The breadcrumbs are not frozen," again
misunderstanding my words. I didn't mean to say that the breadcrumbs
were frozen when I told you they're frozen. I've been referring to the birds.

You know, in hindsight, what I - what I should've said was - and this would
make perfect sense: "Why did you throw the breadcrumbs to the birds
when the birds are frozen?"

He misunderstood upon my correction, stating that he didn't know what
else to do with the breadcrumbs, and that perhaps, y'know, when the birds
thawed they'd still be able to eat the crumbs.

So I...I..I said to Orville - I said - This is what I said to him - I said:

"Orville, the birds may be dead."

Monologue 3: Sourdough Bread
My friend, you have met a terrible, terrible demise. But, I, uh, y'know, I - I - I
don't feel too bad about it. After all, if it weren't for me it would've just been
from someone else, y'know? I guess what I'm trying to say is life - life goes
on. Well... Well for everyone else life goes on. Not - not for you.. uh.. You're
dead. That's neither here nor there.

It reminds me of one summer day in the park. I was having just a delightful
picnic with my good friend Orville, and I said to him - I said "Orville, I-I have
a story."

And he said to me "What's the significance of the story?" and...

I said to him "O-Orville, not every story has to have significance, y'know?
Sometimes, uh, y'know, sometimes a story is just a story. You try to read
into every little thing and find meaning in everything anyone says you'll just
drive yourself crazy. Had a friend do it once - Wasn't pretty. We talked
about it for years. And not only that, but you'll likely end up believing
something you shouldn't believe, thinking something you shouldn't think, o-
or assuming something you shouldn't assume, y'know?"

Sometimes I said "A story is-is just a story, so just be quiet for one second
in life and eat your sandwich, okay?" Of course, it was only then I realized
I'd made sandwiches.

Poor Orville was... having such difficulty eating it. Elephants have those
clumsy hands, y'know? Actually, I-I suppose that's the problem. They don't
have hands at all, do they? The-they're all feet! An-I-I couldn't imagine
someone asking me to eat a sandwich with my feet.

Now, if I recall correctly there was a bakery nearby. I said to him, "Orville,
let me go get you some rye bread." Now, I-I'm unsure if elephants enjoy rye
bread, but I assure you that Orville does.

Now this was on a Tuesday, which was good because rye bread was
always fresh on Tuesday. They made sourdough bread on Monday, and
threw it out Wednesday... or rather they sold it at a discount for people
wanting to feed the ducks, and probably at the end of the day finally they
threw it all out - I don't recall.

I do remember a man who would bring his son to the bakery every
Wednesday and go feed the ducks. He would buy all of the sourdough
bread. Of course, y'know, you're not supposed to feed the ducks sourdough
bread at all. It swells up in their stomach and then they all die. At, uh.. at
least... at least that's what I've heard. Y'know I-I never saw any ducks die
myself, but I did notice a substantial decrease in the duck population over
the course of a few years. I just never thought to stop the man and tell him
that he was killing the ducks by feeding them sourdough bread! And if you
want my opinion on the matter, heh - and I told Orville this as well - "If you
wanna feed ducks, or birds, or any kind for that matter, it's best to buy
seed."

I mean, when you think about it, breads of any sort don't occur in nature.
They don't grow on trees, or spring up from the bushes. I don't think birds
know what to do with bread. What was I saying?
Oh-oh, yes yes.

So I bought Orville some rye bread. What a fine day it was.
